She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore.
The answers were always the same.
Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense.
A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her.
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favorite animal?" But this time was different.
When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
It was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew.
It had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information.
Although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news.
The fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics.
It was a weird concept.
Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually learn something from doing so?
All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button.
To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
He lifted the bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink.
He had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened.
He desperately searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this.
There was a leak in the boat.
Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours.
This was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment.
It would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered.
John had planned it exactly this way.
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction.
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched.
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
Sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned.
This had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it.
He didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it.
All that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, looked overhead.
They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign.
She wondered if the note had reached him.
She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person.
She trusted her friend, but so much could happen.
She waited impatiently for word.
Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate.
There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house.
I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors.
John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least.
He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness.
Mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies.
Her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking.
Her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies.
She can be a good dog, but also very bad.
Her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad.
